{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1643\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Push. An idea that brings a lot of different ideas to different people. To some people, push is a physical thing. To others, it\'92s an act of emotion. Of perseverance. To me, push is about support. It\'92s about family and community coming together to support. That\'92s what first came to mind when @targettag asked me to build something that described \'93push\'94. I came up with some ideas, the most prominent a social media app that allows people with mental/chronic illness to support themselves through doing their illness, and a wearable that could help people with mental health issues that lead to memory loss, lack of motivation, etc. I combined the two. I made a clay prototype (didn\'92t want to get sued) of a watch with an Apple Watch band from HeyDay, Target\'92s new tech line. And came \'93Push\'94. A support platform that leverages people and technology to help you accomplish tasks that are hard to do when you have illnesses. And then I took inspiration from a community that has given me support over the years; Twenty One Pilots. The UI of the app is based off of visuals from the new album; Trench. The general idea is that you log your challenges under different categories. You can ask your friends for support, or support them. You can take advantage of the watch, which uses vibrations and pulses along with a guided meditation to help you relax and calm down in case a task gets too hard, and gives you positive rewards after you accomplished what you need to do. The app tracks how many challenges you do, so if it notices a decrease in productivity, it can let you know and keep you alert of a bigger health issue. All of the design files and photos are up on my GitHub (thecodingone). Overall, technology and community collaborate. To push. \
}